Instructions to write up the report Clarisse! :)

ASSUMPTIONS:

1. We used David's function in order to get our initial "df" and then worked off of that data (This was built off our yelp_tbl dataframe)
2. Due to commonality in our codes, we will submit our 3 R files separately. If you want to run something specific, just do one file at a time.
3. Hutan, Sayo, & David all submitted our R files with our names in it. Just look out for those files.


Before we get into what each of our code does for functionality, we wanted to outline challenges we overcame. I remember Mr. Sam mentioned he wanted us to 
talk about them.

CHALLENGES:

Sayo (Beauty & Spa category)
	-Figuring out how to output stats utilizing sapply package. Needed to push out a table that got counts of values for each column.
Hutan (Restaurants)
	-Working with JSON data was a challenge for us. JSON stands of JavaScript object notation which can be nested/hierical. We had to implement a JSON 
	package which helped "flatten" our data into a tabular form. This then made it digestable for R analysis.
	-Issues getting dplyr filter function to work properly. FIX: I had to preface it with dplyr::filter because the filter function
	was not getting recognized appropriately.
	-Getting the proper coordinates to effectively map the Las Vegas restaurant data. FIX: Use dplyr to filter down data to Las Vegas. Then had to map 
	the data in order to identify outliers. Some data ended up missing in postal_code column. Those were then eliminated through another dplyr filter.
	-
David (Gas Stations)
	-Mostly creation of the function that takes the yelp_tbl dataframe and can effectively & accurately pull the category. First we needed to pull the state
	codes for the US/Canada from an HTML table for the USPS website. Then incorporate a while loop that circles through an index (i) all the way through the length
	of the state codes for the US/Canada. Then it loops through to only pull back data that applies to the exact category we enter into the function.
	-Getting the pie chart to work. Required a manual addition of a row of "other". This was necessary in order to have all the categories of the 'slices' of
	a pie. Then getting it to save properly was a challenge since it was not a ggplot graph. Just exported it as a PNG.
	
	
Analysis by person:

All 3 of us loaded our R code with plenty of comments to help you understand what we did and what logic we used.

We tried to be a thorough as possible. You should be able to reproduce all graphs and outputs. 


NOTE:

There is a PIE.csv file that was needed for David to get the pie table to work in R. This was where the 'other' category was added in as a 
'slice' of the pie.
